Well, show the monopoly that you bought with
by all
that's just on this monopoly girl
glamor style
here is the object the number of players from
two to six economic game for
girls
here from systems to me once the rule
open something else female as you see
here is the money here but 500 500 well 150 2010
5 and this card is a card but this one
In general, insanity is my 16 there are two kinds
here are such here such here then
pupae is such such a card from
wheels houses means that he is now
open I opened the glory and bruce
come in
steel is such a girl now
still that movement don't swim very much
there is written well, hard to see under the course
bookstore globe books this
the message is all ice cream
fantasy then long-awaited to someone
pay you need a taxi afterburner
dance dance izuna glamor
plus post recording studio and rhythm
load then microsoft design studio
house arrest but his just visiting
then a nightclub judge and then an operator
mobile wedding table white
legend
I have your style limousine rental
hairdressing salon message later
I can shop perfume shawl salon
nail art creative sweat places
rest but this is also just not this club
sport art post shoe store
slipper suck leopard like a bang airline
Skyline in the salon jewelry bijoux
stuff
aqua cosmetics shop
equator internet provider
then animal lovers club here
so then under house arrest on
employment or he just does not give three
circle then pastry caramel cafe
coffee my messages
fashion store like yacht rental
sea ​​cruise post
and phone are looking for and travel agency
so then you collect then one of
four moves of the next game use
card release bar bulk flight
paid a fine in a bank 220 places of rest
stop of this part came to nothing
monkeys nothing cry you nothing nothing
you just get some rest
shops and boutiques
no participants no shorter fate
here it is not such an expensive tiger and
one and a half thousand to you
I live in Kazakhstan to learn
how many rubles it should be divided again
it became 300 rubles is the same expensive
buy interesting subscribe to my
channel put your fingers on top